Removing bad security practice (#9060)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/exposed-apis-create-app-webapp.md

### Use PowerShell

```powershell

> # That code gets the App Context Token and save it to the variable $token for later use in the script
> # Paste below your Tenant ID, App ID and App Secret (App key).

Reviewer: Since you are already adding a change here, I would like to suggest some improvement to the English grammar and the specific referencing in these comments.
```suggestion
# This script acquires the App Context Token and stores it in the variable $token for later use in the script.
# Paste your Tenant ID, App ID and App Secret (App key) into the indicated quotes below.
```

### Use PowerShell

```powershell
# This script acquires the App Context Token and stores it in the variable $token for later use in the script.

> # Paste your Tenant ID, App ID and App Secret (App key) into the indicated quotes below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Paste your Tenant ID, App ID, and App Secret (App key) into the indicated quotes below.
```
